LP



1. Customer Obsession

2. Ownership

3. Invent and Simplify

4. Are Right, A Lot

5. Learn and Be Curious

6. Hire and Develop The Best

7. Insist on Highest Standards

8. Think Big

9. Bias for Action

10. Frugality

11. Earn Trust

12. Dive Deep

13. Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit

14. Deliver Results






-> Resolving Workplace Conflict

- going to a safe, peaceful, quiet location

- investigate into the situation, listen to each side and get to know more about the origin of conflict

- once the origin is known, attempt to get both the conflicting parties to a common resolution and ensure they follow their resp

- try to be as neutral and empathetic to their issues

- occur due to miscomm, so ensuring a good and eff communication bw everyone is vvv imp


-> Why Amazon, Why leaving current organization in 6 months, What do you bring to the table?



Why change?

Currently, i am working at citibank, now if there's someone for whom WLB with a good pay is everything, then ofcourse citi is the place to be. But when there's someone like who wants to grow and develop at a quick rate, then citi is certainly not a place for me to be. 

Amazon as an org is humongous, the challenges are big, the deadlines are tight, the learning curve is exponential. Exerything that i want in my job while i am still capable of doing the hours wo getting exhausted. Amazon is the perfect place for me to be and its not about the paychecks or the tag.

I have spent two months at this company, all i have done till now is the initial new joinee training and i havent been assigned a project yet, getting out is a priority for me.


Intro?

Hi, i'm aditya sharma from new delhi. I pursued computer engineering from DTU and graduated this year. Currently, i am placed at citibank, but eagerly looking forward to new opportunities. Intersets wise, i am into research and the ever evolving technologies. i follow the daily innovations in tech a lot through social media, apart from this i am into fitness and occasionally i also like to binge things.

Self driving cars, amazon go, Extended reality - AR + VR, two minute papers - latest research eg - gpt3